add how to create path in install ci pipline on README.md (#364)
conda-forge/miniforge: README.md

    wget -O Miniforge3.sh "https://github.com/conda-forge/miniforge/releases/latest/download/Miniforge3-$(uname)-$(uname -m).sh"

When you want to use `Mambaforge`, you should replace Miniforge into Mamabaforge:

>     wget -O Mambaforge3.sh  "https://github.com/conda-forge/miniforge/releases/latest/download/Mambaforge-$(uname)-$(uname -m).sh"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    wget -O Mambaforge.sh  "https://github.com/conda-forge/miniforge/releases/latest/download/Mambaforge-$(uname)-$(uname -m).sh"
```

For MacOSX, any architecture, use the following command

    curl -fsSLo Miniforge3.sh "https://github.com/conda-forge/miniforge/releases/latest/download/Miniforge3-MacOSX-$(uname -m).sh"

This will download the appropriate installer for the present architecture with

> the filename ``Miniforge3.sh`` (or ``Mambaforge3.sh``). Run the shell script with the command in batch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the filename ``Miniforge3.sh`` (or ``Mambaforge.sh``). Run the shell script with the command in batch
```

mode with the `-b` flash:

    bash Miniforge3.sh -b -p "${HOME}/conda"

`-p` is prefix option. A directory wil be createrd on `"${HOME}/conda"`.

Then you should create the path to conda and activate conda. 
Run this command:

    source "${HOME}/conda/etc/profile.d/conda.sh

> Finally, you can run this command. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, you can run the command to activate the base environment 
```

    conda activate

> 
> Your conda enviroment will be active:
> 
>     (base) ubuntu@ip-xxxxx:path$
> 
> 
> you can use conda enviroment. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> If you download Mambaforge installer, you should try this command after `source "${HOME}/conda/etc/profile.d/conda.sh`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you downloaded the Mambaforge installer, you should also run the following command after `source "${HOME}/conda/etc/profile.d/conda.sh`:
```
